chore: implement a helper createAssetId function (#2665)
FuelLabs/fuels-ts: apps/docs/src/guide/contracts/minted-token-asset-id.md

<<< @/../../docs-snippets/src/guide/contracts/minted-token-asset-id.test.ts#minted-token-asset-id-2{ts:line-numbers}

> Since the asset ID depends on the contract ID, which is always dynamic (unlike the sub ID, which can be set to a fixed value), the helper `getMintedAssetId` can be used to easily obtain the asset ID for a given contract ID and sub ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Obtaining the Asset ID

Since the asset ID depends on the contract ID, which is always dynamic (unlike the sub ID, which can be set to a fixed value), the helper `getMintedAssetId` can be used to easily obtain the asset ID for a given contract ID and sub ID.
```

Author: Thank you for reviewing and suggestion on the changes

> ## `Create Asset Id`
> 
> This is an extension of the Minted Token Asset ID, but it returns an [AssetId](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuels-ts/blob/1fb529bf03e5751e61afac69bfbd488e05577d10/packages/interfaces/src/index.ts#L33). Under the hood, the `createAssetId` calls the `getMintedAssetId`
> 
> A sample usage is as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SDK provides a helper named `createAssetId` which takes the contract ID and sub ID as parameters. This helper internally calls `getMintedAssetId` and returns the Sway native parameter [AssetId](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuels-ts/blob/1fb529bf03e5751e61afac69bfbd488e05577d10/packages/interfaces/src/index.ts#L33), ready to be used in a Sway program invocation:
```
